Maze Project MVP
Justification
The aim of this project is to create a 3D game using raycasting and SDL2 graphic library.
We create a maze by drawing walls, lines or rectangles that are used to symbolize walls.
create a 2D array to hold data for the maze. Render recatngles or lines to create walls using the SDL2 graphics library.

Orientation: To move and rotate the player within the maze, use the arrow keys. SDL_Event can be used to manage user input.
Based on user input update player's orientation and position. Provide the player with rudimentary movement logic.
Permit the player to navigate the maze by going left, right, forward, and backward. 
Create a function that updates the player position in response to the user input and the orientation that is currently in effect.

Collisions: include collision detection in the player-wall interaction. it should not be possible for the player to pass through walls.
Stop player movement if they run in to walls, provide feature that checks to see if the player and the walls collide.

Create a parser function that reads data from a text file into a 2D array and stores it. Utillizing this information the 2D array is used to
create a amze. to visually distinguish the walls, gound, and ceiling you can use different colors for each.

User Experience
End users want to be able to use SDL2 to play a maze game where they can challenge themselves to get faster and more accurate 
while also having fun solving the maze. They want to see a main menu when they launch the game, where they can load saved games
start a new one, and end it. They want to be able to choose the maze's difficulty level, as well as its size and number of obstacles
if they decide to start a new game. 

When the game launches, they should see a maze on the screen with a character they can control with the keyboard's arrow keys.
They want the character to move without any lag or delay, and to do so quickly and smoothly.
In addition, they want to see a score reflecting how far they have come through the maze and a timer that indicates how long they have left to finish it. 

They want to be able to gather coins or other rewards as they make their way through the maze so that their score can go up.
They also want to run into roadblocks that will impede their progress or make it more difficult for them to escape the maze. 

Upon reaching the maze's end, they hope to see a message congratulating them on finishing it along with their final score and
the amount of time it took them to finish. In order to return and continue playing later, they also want to be able to save their game. 
They want to hear sound effects in the game that go along with what they do, like hitting an obstacle or gathering coins. 
Additionally, they want to hear music that heightens the intensity and difficulty of the game. 
Last but not least, they want the game to have excellent visuals and animations that make it enjoyable to play and hold players
attention throughout.
  
Features still to be added:
Function to add different textures to the walls, ground and ceiling for better graphics.
Function to Add a way to move on several directions and rotate in the same time.
Basically in this part you’ll have to handle multiple events on the same frame.
Weapon texture and enemies to hence game experience for the user.

